shardtree: Significantly rework handling of checkpoint depths and truncation operations. (#115)
zcash/incrementalmerkletree: shardtree/CHANGELOG.md

  having the specified identifier, the associated checkpoint should be retained
  but any additional metadata stored with the checkpoint, such as information
  about marks removed after the creation of the checkpoint, should be deleted.

### Changed
- MSRV is now 1.64
- `shardtree::ShardTree`:
  - `ShardTree::max_leaf_position` now takes its `checkpoint_depth` argument
    as `Option<usize>` instead of `usize`. The semantics of this method are now
    changed such that if a checkpoint depth is provided, it is now treated
    strictly as a zero-based index into the checkpoints of the tree in reverse
    order of checkpoint identifier, and an error is returned if no checkpoint
    exists at the given index. A `None` value passed for this argument causes
    it to return the maximum position among all leaves added to the tree.
  - `ShardTree::root_at_checkpoint_id` and `root_at_checkpoint_id_caching` now
    each return the computed root as an optional value, returning `Ok(None)` if
    the checkpoint corresponding to the requested identifier does not exist.
  - `ShardTree::root_at_checkpoint_depth` and `root_at_checkpoint_depth_caching`

>     now takes the `checkpoint_depth` argument as `Option<usize>` instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    now take their `checkpoint_depth` argument as `Option<usize>` instead of
```
or "now each take" if you want to match the language from the previous bulletpoint.

>     `usize`. The semantics of this method are now changed such that if a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `usize`. The semantics of these methods are now changed such that if a
```

    checkpoint depth is provided, it is now treated strictly as a zero-based
    index into the checkpoints of the tree in reverse order of checkpoint
    identifier, and an error is returned if no checkpoint exists at the given
    index. A `None` value passed for this argument causes it to return the root
    computed over all of the leaves in the tree. These methods now each return
    the computed root as an optional value, returning `Ok(None)` if no checkpoint
    exist at the requested checkpoint depth.
  - `ShardTree::witness_at_checkpoint_id` and `witness_at_checkpoint_id_caching`
    now each return the computed witness as an optional value, returning
    `Ok(None)` if the checkpoint corresponding to the requested identifier does
    not exist.
  - `ShardTree::witness_at_checkpoint_depth` and `witness_at_checkpoint_depth_caching`
    now each return the computed witness as an optional value, returning

>     `Ok(None)` if no checkpoint was available at the given checkpoint depth.The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Ok(None)` if no checkpoint was available at the given checkpoint depth. The
```

    semantics of this method are now changed such that if a checkpoint depth is
    provided, it is now treated strictly as a zero-based index into the
    checkpoints of the tree in reverse order of checkpoint identifier, and an

>     error is returned if no checkpoint exists at the given index. IT IS NO LONGER

Reviewer: This doesn't match the previous sentence, which says that `Ok(None)` is returned if no checkpoint was available at the given checkpoint depth. (Also they disagree on "depth" vs "index".)

>     checkpoints of the tree in reverse order of checkpoint identifier, and an
>     error is returned if no checkpoint exists at the given index. IT IS NO LONGER

Author: ```suggestion
    checkpoints of the tree in reverse order of checkpoint identifier. IT IS NO LONGER
```
